prompt add a shortcut `c-s` to pick a word under cursor. command `search` make histories as completions. (#831)
helix-editor/helix: book/src/keymap.md

# Prompt
Keys to use within prompt, Remapping currently not supported.
| Key                     | Description                                                     |
| -----                   | -------------                                                   |
| `Escape`, `Ctrl-c`      | Close prompt                                                    |
| `Alt-b`, `Alt-Left`     | Backward a word                                                 |
| `Ctrl-b`, `Left`        | Backward a char                                                 |
| `Alt-f`, `Alt-Right`    | Forward a word                                                  |
| `Ctrl-f`, `Right`       | Forward a char                                                  |
| `Ctrl-e`, `End`         | move prompt end                                                 |
| `Ctrl-a`, `Home`        | move prompt start                                               |
| `Ctrl-w`                | delete previous word                                            |
| `Ctrl-k`                | delete to end of line                                           |
| `backspace`             | delete previous char                                            |

> | `Ctrl-s`                | insert a word under doc cursor, maybe changed to Ctrl-r Ctrl-w  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Ctrl-s`                | insert a word under doc cursor, may be changed to Ctrl-r Ctrl-w later  |
```
